hello to all and welcome
at galen center in los angeles where comes
just to finish
the big opening conference of
microsoft which was very very rich in
news in ads and especially
which was very very very big trout
so microsoft this year to a message
to make you pass in 2015 it's about
xbox to donkeys that's going to happen
and for that he actually used
two keywords xbox one exclusive
it's exclusive to xbox to donkeys either
at first , totally
exclusive and he actually listed
a lot of games with lausanne
guardian who looks absolutely
sumptuous which is very very
impressive graphically which at
level of gameplay looks very very
nervous with novelties including
it's a pseudo-charge system at
ground with possibility of creating a union
of choc
there is also a breakdown the possibility
to play in multiplayer and it's still
up and that's still pretty much
nice if you want to have fun at four
friends and then we'll say other little ones
favorites also announced big
blockbusters which is an excluded xbox one
and pc it's the new tomb raider the
ride bottom raider that continues this where
had begun
crystal dynamics a few years ago
where we continue to follow the progression
the transformation of lara croft tomb
raid she who we discovered him there
a few years ago
years in the early days of
stiffness so really games that are
very very beautiful or the beautiful lara is not
at all to households and she
jumps in all directions she takes herself
shots and hanged by the feet
in short, there would be piles
of adventures it will be absolutely
incredible a priori to play there joystick
hand in any case it is difficult to
allah wait for his art he soon on
xbox live and on pc
there are obviously titles that are going
arrive a little later in 2016
including very independent games and
then also a gears 4 again gears of
war a sort of reboot since
go back to the origins of what happened
past of how locusts took
control of the world so we will see that
in 2016 it is later microsoft ensures
still afterwards but there was also
a lot of material novelties when
of this conference
two big new material to ab
remember first a new
joystick that is thought so that they have
called controllers and light elite who in
wholesale designed to be more precise as to
your game when playing with new
trigger on the on the body of the
handle more precise triggers and
also sticks that can be changed
according to the games we play
depending on whether you play fps or a game of
fight we do not need the same
sensations not need the same
precision no need of even felt at
level of the nuts by particular so
really a very very high controller
range really for the players
hard on on xbox one and then the
second novelty that was also
rather pretty nice in terms of
material it's a demonstration of a
minecraft version with all all ends
and that's just bluffing
because we start playing
finally the person wearing the helmet the
slow the augmented reality headset
microsoft starts playing on the wall
as if the state a hitherto good screen
impressive but it's enough
classic and then he decides to
move the world by which he plays
on a flat surface a table and there we
rocker locke in everything from
crazy we see the world
build 3d in front of you obviously
when we board and kaskelot slow and
we can actually play with
people playing on a table and
surface and we can explore the world
differently lift it to see this
going on in the basement which is very
important in minecraft for cuver of
what kraft is so here it was
words really very very impressive
and very very nice
and obviously the big hunk on
want for the end it's an ad
that we have been waiting and we have been hoping for
moment and that was a bit put in the
cartons apparently but who finally comes out
now it's the meeting at
360 game compatibility with xbox
one then we do not have a lot of
details but of what we believe to have
including
in fact just put the game we
so has 360 in the xbox to the years and
then everything will happen via xbox live
online and we can access this game
if part of the support catalog
at first we can
access with all that offers the xbox
one ie some graphics a little
improved ie everything that is
connectivity strengthen and so on and
caetera and so that's a lot of
new software games for
2015 especially and mainly for
2016 also and then news
material that are really very
promising for months and years to
come if bethesda yesterday had put the
pretty high bar with very very games
promising with his fallout his doom
microsoft she's clearly a
strong message to put those voices
we may be a little late in
terms of sales with 3 xbox one but one
happens very very hard and in 2015 there
will have to rely on us if you want
to know more about these ads
obviously we will you the details and
in different papers you will
read on 01net.com a little later is
sure in videos that you can
see on 01net tv while waiting for new york
have run away because we are old
electronic art conference that goes
start very soon with hope
Belgian ad